European Pangrams (Holoalphabetics):

Azari:
Zəfər, jaketini də papağını da götür, bu axşam hava çox soyuq olacaq. ("Zəfər, take your jacket and cap, it will be very cold tonight.")

Czech:
Příliš žluťoučký kůň úpěl ďábelské ódy. ("A horse that was too yellow moaned devilish odes.")
Nechť již hříšné saxofony ďáblů rozezvučí síň úděsnými tóny waltzu, tanga a quickstepu. ("May the sinful saxophones of devils echo through the hall with dreadful melodies of waltz, tango and quickstep.")
Hleď, toť přízračný kůň v mátožné póze šíleně úpí. ("Behold, tis the eerie horse in tottering affectation groaning like crazy.")
Zvlášť zákeřný učeň s ďolíčky běží podél zóny úlů. ("Particularly insidious apprentice with dimples is running along the zone of hives.")
Loď čeří kýlem tůň obzvlášť v Grónské úžině. ("A vessel ripples a pool by its keel, especially in the strait of Greenland.")
Ó, náhlý déšť již zvířil prach a čilá laň teď běží s houfcem gazel k úkrytům. ("Oh, sudden rain has already whirled the dust and a spry doe now gallops with a flock of gazelles for the shelter.")

Danish:
Høj bly gom vandt fræk sexquiz på wc. ("Tall shy groom won naughty sexquiz on wc.")

Esperanto:
Eble ĉiu kvazaŭ-deca fuŝĥoraĵo ĝojigos homtipon. ("Maybe every quasi-fitting bungle-choir makes a human type happy.")

Ewe:
Dzigbe zã nyuie na wò, ɣeyiɣi didi aɖee nye sia no see, ɣeyiɣi aɖee nye sia tso esime míeyi suku. Ŋdɔ nyui, ɛ nyteƒe, míagakpɔ wò ake wuieve kele ʋ heda kpedeŋu. ("Have a nice birthday tonight, it's been a long time no see, it's been a while since we were in school. Good afternoon, yes, see you again at twelve o'clock in the morning.")

Finnish:
Törkylempijävongahdus. (Although difficult to translate because of its non-practical use, but roughly means to "a whinge of a sleazy lover")
On sangen hauskaa, että polkupyörä on maanteiden jokapäiväinen ilmiö. ("It is rather fun that bicycles are a daily phenomenon on the countryroads.")
Wieniläinen siouxia puhuva ökyzombi diggaa Åsan roquefort-tacoja. ("Viennese rich zombie who can speak Sioux likes Åsa's Roquefort tacos.")

German:
Victor jagt zwölf Boxkämpfer quer über den großen Sylter Deich. ("Victor chases twelve boxers across the Great Levee of Sylt.")

Icelandic:
Kæmi ný öxi hér, ykist þjófum nú bæði víl og ádrepa. ("If a new axe were here, thieves would feel increasing deterrence and punishment.")

Irish:
d'Ith cat mór dubh na héisc lofa go pras. ("A large black cat ate the rotten fish promptly.")

Italian:
Pranzo d'acqua fa volti sghembi. ("A lunch of water makes twisted faces.")

Kurdish:
Cem vî Feqoyê pîs zêdetir ji çar gulên xweşik hebûn. ("There were more than four beautiful flowers near the filthy Feqo.")

Polish:
Stróż pchnął kość w quiz gędźb vel fax myjń. ("The watchman pushed the bone into a quiz of the musics or a fax of the washes.")

Spanish:
Benjamín pidió una bebida de kiwi y fresa. Noé, sin vergüenza, la más exquisita champaña del menú. ("Benjamin ordered a kiwi and strawberry drink. Noah, without shame, the most exquisite champagne on the menu.")
José compró una vieja zampoña en Perú. Excusándose, Sofía tiró su whisky al desagüe de la banqueta. ("José bought an old panpipe in Peru. Excusing herself, Sofía threw her whiskey on the sink of the sidewalk.")
El veloz murciélago hindú comía feliz cardillo y kiwi. La cigüeña tocaba el saxofón detrás del palenque de paja. ("The quick Hindu bat was happily eating golden thistle and kiwi. The stork was playing the saxophone behind the straw arena.")
El pingüino Wenceslao hizo kilómetros bajo exhaustiva lluvia y frío; añoraba a su querido cachorro. ("Wenceslao the penguin traveled kilometers under exhaustive rain and cold; he longed for his dear puppy.")
La niña, viéndose atrapada en el áspero baúl índigo y sintiendo asfixia, lloró de vergüenza; mientras que la frustrada madre llamaba a su hija diciendo: “¿Dónde estás Waleska?”. ("The girl, finding herself trapped inside the rough blue-violet chest and feeling suffocation, cried out of shame; whilst the frustrated mother called her daughter saying: “Where are you Waleska?”.")
Jovencillo emponzoñado de whisky: ¡qué figurota exhibe! ("Whisky-intoxicated youngster – what a figure he’s showing!")
Ese libro explica en su epígrafe las hazañas y aventuras de Don Quijote de la Mancha en Kuwait. ("That book explains in its epigraph the deeds and adventures of Don Quijote de la Mancha in Kuwait.")
Queda gazpacho, fibra, látex, jamón, kiwi y viñas. ("There are still gazpacho, fibre, latex, ham, kiwi and vineyards.")
Whisky bueno: ¡excitad mi frágil pequeña vejez! ("Good whisky, excite my frail, little old age!")
Es extraño mojar queso en la cerveza o probar whisky de garrafa. ("It is strange to dip cheese in beer or to try a whisky out of a carafe.")

Swedish:
Flygande bäckasiner söka hwila på mjuka tuvor. ("Flying snipes seek rest on soft tussocks.")
Yxmördaren Julia Blomqvist på fäktning i Schweiz. ("Axe killer Julia Blomqvist on fencing in Switzerland.")
Schweiz för lyxfjäder på qvist bakom ugn. ("Switzerland for luxury feather on branch behind oven.")
FAQ om Schweiz: Klöv du trång pjäxby? ("FAQ about Switzerland: Did you cleave a narrow village of ski boots?")
Yxskaftbud, ge vår WC-zonmö IQ-hjälp. ("Axe-handle carrier, give our WC zone-maiden IQ support.")
Gud hjälpe Zorns mö qwickt få byx av. ("God help Zorn's girlfriend quickly get her pants off.")
Byxfjärmat föl gick på duvshowen. ("Foal without pants went to the dove show.")

Turkish:
Pijamalı hasta yağız şoföre çabucak güvendi. ("The sick person in pyjamas quickly trusted the swarthy driver.")
